So, now that I have a bit of time again, this idea has like actual merit even at the achievable level.
I've been collecting the data for months now which is already valuable. If anything find just a way to publish that alone.
I can actually visualize the process of fully doing something like this now though. 
Hosting from s3, domains with aws, js front end (even react if we want to get fancy) and flask backend talking to cockroach db. 
The whole thing is legitimately possible. 
I might even re-route the whole thing do be django, mysql. or django cockroach sql at the very least
and have python views wrap around the rest api. that would make it much easier for someone to contribute as well.
We can make a role that is allowed to only run queries and not post information.
Then we make a django views file with the python logic that powers the application. 
Then we write a pure javascript front end? Is that easier or much worse than using a python dashboarding library. 
it makes me sad to say because it acknowledges the value of school but the stack used in capstone with d3 is 
actually exactly what im looking for. Like unironically thats actually just the right stack to use. 


cockroach sql -> django -> react -> d3 
im kinda down to run this. Like this seems fun
I've already set so much of this up that it doesnt feel that scary
I have what I need for the calendar d3 view literally available right now so I can actually just do this. 
How does this start.
Create a django app that is configured to talk to cockroach sql. DONE
    Potentially migrate onto local mysql NOPE
Create a react app front end DONE
Get d3 working instead that react app
Write a view to return the data for the calendar
Make the calendar in d3
Profit $$$?
Pure js front end seems sucky but honestly python isnt built for web design and I dont think im gonna be happy with 
anything I build with a python front end its just not where it needs to be for ease of use to a solid product.
real js means its much easier for others to contribute in modular roles and with skillsets that are way more widely available and useful to learn. 
like no one is putting in 10 hours of work to learn plotly but they might for react + d3.
Or for a python django backend. 